# piaaz

David A. Brandon most recently served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Toys “R” Us, Inc., formerly the world’s largest specialty retailer of toy and baby products, a position he held from July 2015 to December 2018. Previously, Mr. Brandon was the Director of Athletics at the University of Michigan from March 2010 to October 2014. Mr. Brandon has served as Chairman of Domino’s Board of Directors since March 1999 and also served as Chief Executive Officer from March 1999 to March 2010. Mr. Brandon was retained by the Company as a Special Advisor from March 2010 to January 2011. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Brandon was President and Chief Executive Officer of Valassis, Inc., a company in the sales promotion and coupon industries, from 1989 to 1998 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Valassis, Inc. from 1997 to 1998. In addition to serving on the Board of Directors of Domino’s, Mr. Brandon also serves on the Boards of Directors of DTE Energy Co. and Herman Miller, Inc. He previously served on the Boards of Directors of Toys “R” Us, Inc., Burger King Corporation, Kaydon Corporation, Northwest Airlines and the TJX Companies, Inc.&#x20;





Richard E. Allison, Jr. has served as Chief Executive Officer of Domino’s since July 2018. Mr. Allison oversees all company operations, strategy and vision in his role as Chief Executive Officer. He previously served as President, Domino’s International from October 2014 to July 2018, after joining the Company in March 2011 as Executive Vice President of International. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Allison worked at Bain & Company, Inc. for more than 13 years, serving as a Partner from 2004 to December 2010, and as co-leader of Bain’s restaurant practice, working with some of the world’s most well-known restaurant brands. Mr. Allison has served on Domino’s Board of Directors since July 2018, when he was elected in conjunction with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Allison also serves on the Board of Directors of Starbucks Corporation.



Liquidity and Capital ResourcesHistorically, we have operated with minimal positive working capital or negative working capital, primarily because our receivable collection periods and inventory turn rates are faster than the normal payment terms on our current liabilities. We generally collect our receivables within three weeks from the date of the related sale, and we generally experience 35 to 45 inventory turns per year. In addition, our sales are not typically seasonal, which further limits our working capital requirements. The use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, invest in our business, pay dividends and repurchase our common stock reduces our working capital amounts. As of September 6, 2020, we had working capital of $301.7 million, excluding restricted cash and cash equivalents of $160.3 million, advertising fund assets, restricted, of $144.3 million and advertising fund liabilities of $138.3 million. Working capital includes total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $330.7 million.During the third quarter and three fiscal quarters of 2020, we experienced increases in both U.S. and international same store sales versus the comparable periods in the prior year. Additionally, our U.S. and international businesses grew store counts in the third quarter and the three fiscal quarters of 2020. These factors contributed to our continued ability to generate positive operating cash flows. We expect to continue to use our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations, excess cash from our recapitalization transactions and available borrowings under our variable funding notes to, among other things, fund working capital requirements, invest in our core business, service our indebtedness, pay dividends and repurchase our common stock. We did not have any material commitments for capital expenditures as of September 6, 2020.Based upon our current level of operations and anticipated growth, we believe that the cash generated from operations, our current unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and amounts available under our variable funding note facility will be adequate to meet our anticipated debt service requirements, capital expenditures and working capital needs for at least the next twelve months. Our ability to continue to fund these items and continue to reduce debt could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any of the events described under “Risk Factors” in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available under the variable funding notes or otherwise to enable us to service our indebtedness or to make anticipated capital expenditures. Our future operating performance and our ability to service, extend or refinance our fixed and floating rate notes and to service, extend or refinance our variable funding notes will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

Restricted Cash

As of September 6, 2020, we had approximately $113.6 million of restricted cash held for future principal and interest payments and other working capital requirements of our asset-backed securitization structure, $46.1 million of restricted cash held in a three-month interest reserve as required by the related debt agreements and $0.6 million of other restricted cash for a total of $160.3 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents. As of September 6, 2020, we also held $118.9 million of advertising fund restricted cash and cash equivalents, which can only be used for activities that promote the Domino’s Pizza brand.

Long-Term Debt

As of September 6, 2020, we had approximately $4.11 billion of total debt, of which $43.7 million was classified as a current liability. Our fixed and floating rate notes from the recapitalizations we completed in 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2015 have original scheduled principal payments of $10.5 million in the remainder of 2020, $42.0 million in 2021, $897.0 million in 2022, $33.0 million in each of 2023 and 2024, $1.15 billion in 2025, $20.8 million in 2026, $1.28 billion in 2027, $6.8 million in 2028 and $614.3 million in 2029. As of September 6, 2020, we had less than $0.1 million of outstanding borrowings under our variable funding notes and approximately $160.0 million available for borrowing, net of letters of credit issued of $40.0 million. The letters of credit are primarily related to our casualty insurance programs and supply chain center leases. Borrowings under the variable funding notes are available to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and, subject to other limitations, other general corporate purposes including dividend payments and share repurchases.



Share Repurchase Programs

Our share repurchase programs have historically been funded by excess operating cash flows, excess proceeds from our recapitalization transactions and borrowings under our variable funding notes. The Company’s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of the Company’s common stock on October 4, 2019.During the first week of the first quarter of 2020, we repurchased and retired 271,064 shares of our common stock under our Board of Directors-approved share repurchase program for a total of approximately $79.6 million. We did not repurchase and retire any shares of our common stock during the remainder of the first quarter or during the second or third quarters of 2020. As of September 6, 2020, the Company had a total remaining authorized amount for share repurchases of approximately $326.6 million. 21

[Table of Contents](https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/1286681/000119312520265920/d935823d10q.htm#toc)During the third quarter of 2019, we repurchased and retired 384,338 shares of our common stock under our Board of Directors-approved share repurchase program for a total of approximately $93.7 million. During the three fiscal quarters of 2019, we repurchased and retired 430,182 shares of our common stock under our Board of Directors-approved share repurchase program for a total of approximately $105.1 million.\
